Adding experimental toolkit downsample APIs (#537)
timescale/docs: api/lttb.md

# lttb()  <tag type="toolkit">Toolkit</tag><tag type="experimental">Experimental</tag>

> [Largest Triangle Three Buckets](https://github.com/sveinn-steinarsson/flot-downsample)
> is a downsampling method that tries to retain visual similarity between the
> downsampled data and the original dataset. TimescaleDB Toolkit provides an
> implementation of this which takes `(timestamp, value)` pairs, sorts them if
> needed, and downsamples them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Largest Triangle Three Buckets][gh-lttb] is a downsampling method that 
tries to retain visual similarity between the downsampled data and the 
original dataset. The TimescaleDB Toolkit implementation of this takes 
`(timestamp, value)` pairs, sorts them if needed, and downsamples them.
```

> ## Required Arguments
> |Name| Type |Description|
> |---|---|---|
> | `time` | `TIMESTAMPTZ` | Time (x) value for the data point. |
> | `value` | `DOUBLE PRECISION` |  Data (y) value for the data point. |
> | `resolution` | `INTEGER` | Number of points the output should have. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Required arguments

|Name| Type |Description|
|-|-|-|
|`time`|`TIMESTAMPTZ`|Time (x) value for the data point|
|`value`|`DOUBLE PRECISION`|Data (y) value for the data point|
|`resolution`|`INTEGER`|Number of points the output should have|
```

## Returns

> |Column|Type|Description|
> |---|---|---|
> | `sortedtimevector` | `SortedTimevector` | A [`timevector`][hyperfunctions-timevectors] object containing the downsampled points.  It can be unpacked via `unnest` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Column|Type|Description|
|-|-|-|
|`sortedtimevector`|`SortedTimevector`|A [`timevector`][hyperfunctions-timevectors] object containing the downsampled points.  It can be unpacked via `unnest`.|
```

> ## Sample Usage
> This example gets a dramatically downsampled data set from a `sample_data` table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sample usage
This example creates a dramatically downsampled data set from a `sample_data` table:
```

> 
> ```SQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sql
```

SELECT time, value
FROM toolkit_experimental.unnest((
    SELECT toolkit_experimental.lttb(time, val, 4)
    FROM sample_data))
```

> ```output

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The output for this query:
```sql
```

          time          |       value
------------------------+--------------------
 2020-01-11 00:00:00+00 |   12.7015115293407
 2020-02-01 00:00:00+00 |  5.004324248633603
 2020-03-03 00:00:00+00 | 14.982710485116087
 2020-04-20 00:00:00+00 | 10.022128489940254
```

> [hyperfunctions-timevectors]: timescaledb/:currentVersion:/how-to-guides/hyperfunctions/function-pipelines/#timevectors

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[gh-lttb]: https://github.com/sveinn-steinarsson/flot-downsample
[hyperfunctions-timevectors]: timescaledb/:currentVersion:/how-to-guides/hyperfunctions/function-pipelines/#timevectors
```
